README.md, before:

# TOP File Uploader
A dynamic website where logged in users can create folders and upload files in them, download the uploaded files and create an expirable public link of a file or folder to share it with others.
## Table Of Contents
- [How to setup?](#how-to-setup)
- [How to run?](#how-to-run)
- [Short Video Overview](#short-video-overview)

## How to setup?
The setup needs to be done only once.
### Step 1: Install PostgreSQL Or any RDBMS supported by Prsima ORM
You can use [The Odin Project's brilliant article](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/nodejs-installing-postgresql) to install PostgreSQL 
or follow the instructions given in [PostgreSQL's official website](https://www.postgresql.org/download/)

### Step 2: Create .env file
Create a file named .env in the project root folder and copy the contents of dot-env-example to .env. Then replace the placeholders with actuals values for 
each environment variables by following the hints given.

### Step 3: Bootstrap Database
Run the following commands in order in the project root folder after [installing nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/learn/getting-started/how-to-install-nodejs)
```sh
# Installs the dependencies
npm install
```
```sh
# Creates database schema
npx prisma db push
```
## How to run?
Please [setup the project](#how-to-setup) before running it.  
For development
```sh
npm run debug
```
Launch a browser and go to localhost:3000 or localhost:<port number that you set in .env>, put username and password as demo.

## Short Video Overview
**Warning: Contains flashing lights**

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/59aa5b8e-a4d2-4241-9154-104fe757c2c5

Commit message:

docs: add RLS policies creation steps in readme

README.md, after:

# TOP File Uploader

A dynamic website where logged in users can create folders and upload files in them, download the uploaded files and create an expirable public link of a file or folder to share it with others.

## Table Of Contents

- [How to setup?](#how-to-setup)
- [How to run?](#how-to-run)
- [Short Video Overview](#short-video-overview)

## How to setup?

The setup needs to be done only once.

### Step 1: Install PostgreSQL Or any RDBMS supported by Prsima ORM

You can use [The Odin Project's brilliant article](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/nodejs-installing-postgresql) to install PostgreSQL
or follow the instructions given in [PostgreSQL's official website](https://www.postgresql.org/download/)

### Step 2: Create .env file

Create a file named .env in the project root folder and copy the contents of dot-env-example to .env. Then replace the placeholders with actuals values for
each environment variables by following the hints given.

### Step 3: Bootstrap Database

Run the following commands in order in the project root folder after [installing nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/learn/getting-started/how-to-install-nodejs)

```sh
# Installs the dependencies
npm install
```

```sh
# Creates database schema
npx prisma db push
```

### Step 4: Create RLS Policies for Storage Bucket

1. Go to supbase dashboard
2. Go to your project
3. Go to "Storage" in the Sidebar
4. Create a bucket called "main"(Don't create a public bucket)
5. Go to policies then click "New policy" next to "main" then click "For full customization".
6. Give a meaningful name for the policy like "Allow CRUD for all users" then check all the checkboxes for "Allowed operation", leave the "Target roles" as is i.e. "Defaults to all (public) roles if none selected".
7. Click 'Review' then 'Save policy'.

Now you can CRUD files in your 'main' storage bucket.

## How to run?

Please [setup the project](#how-to-setup) before running it.  
For development

```sh
npm run debug
```

Launch a browser and go to localhost:3000 or localhost:<port number that you set in .env>, put username and password as demo.

## Short Video Overview

**Warning: Contains flashing lights**

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/59aa5b8e-a4d2-4241-9154-104fe757c2c5
